Clean up "Writing consistent snapshots" section (#187)
theupdateframework/specification: tuf-spec.md

produce self-contained consistent snapshots.

Simply put, every metadata file MUST be named as such: if the
file had the original name of FILENAME.EXT, then it MUST be written to
non-volatile storage as VERSION_NUMBER.FILENAME.EXT, where VERSION_NUMBER
is the integer version number listed in the metadata file.

On the other hand, consistent target files MUST be written to
non-volatile storage as HASH.FILENAME.EXT.  This means that if the
referrer metadata lists N cryptographic hashes of the referred file, then
there MUST be N identical copies of the referred file, where each file will
be distinguished only by the value of the digest in its filename. The
modified filename need not include the name of the cryptographic hash
function used to produce the digest because, on a read, the choice of
function follows from the selection of a digest (which includes the name of
the cryptographic function) from all digests in the referred file.

Timestamp metadata (timestamp.EXT) MUST be written to non-volatile storage
without a version prefix whenever it is updated. This is required because
timestamp metadata is the only metadata file that may be requested without known

> version numbers.  It is OPTIONAL for an implementation to write identical copies
> at VERSION_NUMBER.timestamp.EXT for record-keeping purposes.

Reviewer: Just took me a while to parse the sentence. For me it would have been helpful to read e.g. like so

```suggestion
version numbers.  It is OPTIONAL for an implementation to write identical copies of timestamp.EXT to the respective VERSION_NUMBER.timestamp.EXT for record-keeping purposes.
```

produce self-contained consistent snapshots.

Simply put, every metadata file MUST be named as such: if the
file had the original name of FILENAME.EXT, then it MUST be written to
non-volatile storage as VERSION_NUMBER.FILENAME.EXT, where VERSION_NUMBER
is the integer version number listed in the metadata file.

On the other hand, consistent target files MUST be written to
non-volatile storage as HASH.FILENAME.EXT.  This means that if the
referrer metadata lists N cryptographic hashes of the referred file, then
there MUST be N identical copies of the referred file, where each file will
be distinguished only by the value of the digest in its filename. The
modified filename need not include the name of the cryptographic hash
function used to produce the digest because, on a read, the choice of
function follows from the selection of a digest (which includes the name of
the cryptographic function) from all digests in the referred file.

Timestamp metadata (timestamp.EXT) MUST be written to non-volatile storage
without a version prefix whenever it is updated. This is required because
timestamp metadata is the only metadata file that may be requested without known

> version numbers.  It is OPTIONAL for an implementation to write identical copies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
version numbers.  It is OPTIONAL for an implementation to write an identical copy
```

Author: 💯 thanks

produce self-contained consistent snapshots.

> Simply put, TUF should write every metadata file as such: if the

Reviewer 3: I think this and the below paragraph should also be MUSTs.

Author: I've added quite a few more RFC 2119 keywords in 6c54aa8 and cleaned up other paragraphs in the section.

file had the original name of FILENAME.EXT, then it should be written to
non-volatile storage as VERSION_NUMBER.FILENAME.EXT, where VERSION_NUMBER
is the integer version number listed in the metadata file.

On the other hand, consistent target files should be written to

> non-volatile storage as HASH.FILENAME.EXT.  This means that if the

Reviewer 3: In general I like `DIGEST` better than `HASH`, but I know that we use `HASH` elsewhere in the spec. No need to change it unless others feel strongly.

Author: I used `HASH` because that's what we use in the the [5.7.3](https://theupdateframework.github.io/specification/v1.0.25/#fetch-target) of the detailed client workflow and the name of the attribute in metadata is 'hashes'.

function follows from the selection of a digest (which includes the name of
the cryptographic function) from all digests in the referred file.

> Timestamp metadata (timestamp.EXT) SHOULD be written to non-volatile storage

Reviewer 3: per RFC 2119, I think this should be a MUST

Author: I will make that change. I was thinking of SHOULD in the context of #185, but I should handle that separately.
